docs/index.rst, before:

.. django-shopkit documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Sat Nov  6 13:12:00 2010.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Welcome to django-shopkit's documentation!
==========================================

Webshops for perfectionists with deadlines
------------------------------------------
Similar to the way that Django is a web application framework, django-shopkit
is a webshop application framework. It is, essentially, a toolkit for
building customized webshop applications, for 'perfectionists with deadlines'.

Project status
--------------
The current codebase of `django-shopkit` is currently used to run at least two
shops in a production environment, where it performs just fine. However, there
is an apparent lack of documentation, which we hope to fix during the upcoming
months while unrolling subsequent webshop implementations.

If you are interested in using `django-shopkit` for building your own webshop
application, please 
`contact us <mailto:mathijs@mathijsfietst.nl>`_ and we'll see how we can work together in helping you understand shopkit's internals while laying out a
documentation trail in the meanwhile.

Compatibility
-------------
This piece of software will be compatible with Django 1.3. Due to the 
unavailability of Class Based Generic Views, it will not work on earlier
releases. It is being developed on the SVN trunk until Django hits the 1.3
release.

Dependencies
------------
You will need the dependencies mentioned in `requirements.txt` to be installed
somewhere in your `PYTHONPATH`. `django-shopkit` will default to using (the
new) `sorl-thumbnail <https://github.com/sorl/sorl-thumbnail>`_ when
available, but does not depend on it.

When available, it has support for MPTT indexing of nested categories using
`django-mptt <https://github.com/django-mptt/django-mptt>`_. However, this
support is entirely optional, though using  some kind of tree optimization
algorithm is recommended.

Contents
--------

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   gettingstarted.rst 
   
   todo.rst

   extending.rst

   components/index.rst


Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`

Last update: |today|

Commit message:

Be more specific about requirements/dependencies.

docs/index.rst, after:

.. django-shopkit documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Sat Nov  6 13:12:00 2010.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Welcome to django-shopkit's documentation!
==========================================

Webshops for perfectionists with deadlines
------------------------------------------
Similar to the way that Django is a web application framework, django-shopkit
is a webshop application framework. It is, essentially, a toolkit for
building customized webshop applications, for 'perfectionists with deadlines'.

Project status
--------------
The current codebase of `django-shopkit` is currently used to run at least two
shops in a production environment, where it performs just fine. However, there
is an apparent lack of documentation, which we hope to fix during the upcoming
months while unrolling subsequent webshop implementations.

If you are interested in using `django-shopkit` for building your own webshop
application, please `contact us <mailto:mathijs@mathijsfietst.nl>`_ and
we'll see how we can work together in helping you understand shopkit's
internals while laying out a documentation trail in the meanwhile.

Compatibility
-------------
Django-shopkit is compatible with Django 1.4 and 1.5.

Dependencies
------------
The only hard dependency of `django-shopkit` is Django 1.4 or 1.5. When
available, `django-shopkit` will use `django-mptt` (< v0.6) for nested categories
and `sorl-thumbnail` (< v12) for images.

Contents
--------

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   gettingstarted.rst

   todo.rst

   extending.rst

   components/index.rst


Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`

Last update: |today|
